h1. Fuubar-cucumber

Fuubar-cucumber is an instafailing "Cucumber":https://github.com/aslakhellesoy/cucumber formatter that uses a progress bar instead of a string of letters and dots as feedback. It is based on RSpec formatter "Fuubar":https://github.com/jeffkreeftmeijer/fuubar. 

Fuubar displays progress bar with percentage of steps completed and ETA instead of green dots. When one of the steps fails, it is instantly displayed so you can go and fix it witchout waiting for all scenarios.

h2. Installation

Installing Fuubar-cucumber is easy. Just put it in your @Gemfile@ 

bc. gem 'fuubar-cucumber'

run @bundle install@

If you don't user Bundler you can install it using @gem@ command:

bc. $ gem install fuubar-cucumber

You can now run your features like this:

bc. $ cucumber -f Cucumber::Formatter::Fuubar

If you want to use Fuubar as your default formatter, simply put the option in your @cucumber.yml@ file:

bc. --format Cucumber::Formatter::Fuubar

h2. Contributing
 
 * Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
 * Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
 * Fork the project
 * Start a feature/bugfix branch
 * Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
 * Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
 * Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

h2. Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010-2011 Marcin Ciunelis. See LICENSE.txt for further details.

